####Building out our routes
We currently have the ability to list all of the owners on the owners index page, but since we don't have any owners listed in the database, this page isn't much use right now! To be able to add a new owner, we will need a form that the vet office staff can submit. We're going to use a form partial, which means that the form file can be used both for the new/create paths and the edit/update paths. If you take a look at the /app/views/pets/\_form.html.erb file, you'll see an example of this type of partial. Make the same \_form.html.erb file in the views/owners file.

The form starts with an instance variable (@pets or @owners) to show which model we will use in creating our object. You can copy the basic setup of the pets form, although you will need to make some changes according to the model that we set out for owners (you can see this information quickly if you look at the db/schema file). The rest of the form code is very similar to an HTML form.

Now that we have a form partial, we can import it into our new view very easily. You can see an example of this in the pets folder. Make a new.html.erb file. Then all you need to do is import the form. The last step that you need to do is to add a new path to the controller so that we can access the page at owner/new. Be sure to take a look in the pets controller to make sure that you add the necessary information to the def new method. If you go to localhost:3000/owner/new, you should now see the form.

However, if you try to create an owner, you will run into an error page. Remember that the new route is where we create the object, but it gets saved when we use the create/POST path. So we need to also add a create method to the controller. We will also need to add the parameters that are permitted to be passed. These are identified in the private method at the bottom of the page. Again, you can see the example in the pets controller. You'll need to add all of the owner parameters (the ones that we get from the form) here to make sure that they can be passed. This private method helps prevent bad or dangerous data from being passed through the parameters.

Before we can save the information in the form, we will also need a create method in the controller. Our create method will pass the owner_params defined in the private method at the bottom and create a new record in our database. After that, we will be redirected to the page with all of the owners listed. We could choose to redirect to any page we want at this point (such as the root_path). That's your choice!

Now that we can create an owner, we should show the list of owners on the index page. You'll need to add an instance variable with all of the owners to the def index in the controller, then access that variable and loop through the list. Take a look at the pets index method and the views/pets/index.html.erb for an example.

It might make things easier for the office staff to have a link for adding new owners at the bottom of the pets index page as well, since this is the root page. Let's add a link there that allows the staff to see the owners page.
