####Assets

###HTML
As you have probably noticed, Rails still depends on HTML in the 'views' files to create the page that is shown to the viewer. If you open up any of the files in the views/pets directory, you will see some aspects that look very familiar and that are, in fact, normal HTML, such as ordered and unordered lists with opening and closing tags. In your view folders, you can use HTML to add whatever you want to the page. For instance, the index.html.erb file welcomes the user to the vet clinic on the homepage using a header <h1> tag.

There is also some HTML on this page that looks unconventional, and is contained in <% %> brackets. This HTML is called embedded Ruby (or erb), and it's why the file extension is html.erb instead of the usual HTML. Embedded Ruby allows you to use Ruby code on your HTML page, so you can interact with your app. For example, on the index.html.erb page, we get an array from the database with all of the pets that we have (we'll see how we do this in the controller later), which are contained in the variable @pets. Then we iterate through this array using an each/do loop to list each individual pet in a list. We are therefore making the app dynamic because we are able to change what appears on the page based on what is in the database. If we had only HTML, our page would be static because it would not be interacting with any new information we received.

If you want to print the result of your code to the page, you need to include an equal sign in your erb tag <%= %>. You can see in the list of pet names that are in the <li> tags. We also use the information from the database to create a link to the individual pet's show page: <a href="<%=pet_path(pet.id)%>">. This is a normal hyperlink, with the normal <a href="link"> tag, but instead of hard-coding a link, we put in the pet_path for the pet, along with the pertinent id. Again, this makes our page dynamic! If we add another pet, that link will appear on the index page automatically. If you look back at your Rails routes page, you'll see that pet_path takes you to the individual path for a pet when the id is also provided (this is in the 'Controller Action' column to the far right, substituting an underscore sign for the number sign).

###CSS
Since we have conventional HTML in our app, we can also use CSS to style it. We can add it to the app/assets/css/application.css file and it will appear automatically in the app. We call this CSS file in the header of views/layouts/application.html.erb file. You may have noticed that there is also a folder called 'javascripts' in the assets directory, which is where we could add individual JavaScript folders if we wanted. These are imported in the same header as the CSS.

The application.html.erb file is also helpful because we can add features that apply to the entire app here. For instance, there is a navigation link back to the root page that will now appear on every page. You could add any HTML element here and it would show up on all pages (it needs to be above the <% yield %> tag). 
